
Introduction

Together with our website terms and conditions of use, this Policy governs how you may use this website (the Site), which is provided by us free of charge.

References in this Policy to the Site includes the following websites and all associated subdomains and web pages:

customrlmaps.com

You should read this Policy carefully before using the Site.

By accessing or using the Site or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to use the Site in accordance with this policy and the documents referred to within.

If you do not agree with or accept any of this Policy, you should stop using the Site immediately.

If you have any questions about the Site, please contact us by:

    e-mail: support@customrlmaps.com

Definitions

    Policy
        means this acceptable use policy;
    Submission
        means any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content, software or other information or material submitted by you or other users to the Site;
    Content
        means any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content, software or other information or material submitted to or on the Site;
    We, us or our
        means CustomRLMaps
    You or your
        means the person accessing or using the Site or its Content.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy, at any time. It is your responsibility to check this Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.
Acceptable Use of the Site

The Site is for your personal and non-exclusive use only. As long as you comply with this Policy and the Terms of Use CustomRLMaps grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.

The Site is primarily to be used for for the following:

    Sharing of applications created for the sole purpose of extending custom functoinality in Rocket League via CRLM plugin

Use of the Site in any other way, including in contravention of any restriction on use set out in this Policy, is not permitted. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, you may not use the Site.

Restrictions

As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree:

    not to use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful under any applicable law or prohibited by this Policy or our website terms and conditions of use;
    not to access the Site in any manner that is prohibited by this Policy or our website terms and conditions of use;
    not to use the Site to commit any act of fraud;(i) not to use the Site to distribute viruses or malware or other similar harmful software code;
    not to use the Site for purposes of promoting unsolicited advertising or sending spam;
    not to use the Site to simulate communications from us or another service or entity in order to collect identity information, authentication credentials, or other information ('phishing');
    not to use the Site in any manner that disrupts the operation of our Site or business or the website or business of any other entity;
    not to use the Site in any manner that harms minors;
    not to promote any unlawful activity;
    not to represent or suggest that we endorse any other business, product or service unless we have separately agreed to do so in writing;
    not to use the Site to gain unauthorised access to or use of computers, data, systems, accounts or networks;
    not to attempt to circumvent password or user authentication methods; and
    to comply with the provisions relating to our intellectual property rights and software contained in our website terms and conditions of use.

Interactive services

We may make bulletin boards, chat rooms, comments board, reviews or other communication services which invite Submissions ('Interactive Services') available on the Site.

We are not obliged to monitor or moderate Submissions to Interactive Services.

We may remove or edit any Submissions to any of Interactive Services whether they are moderated or not.

Any Submission you make must comply with our Submission standards set out below.
Submission standards

Any Submission or communication to users of our Site must conform to standards of accuracy, decency and lawfulness, which shall be applied in our discretion, acting reasonably. In particular, you warrant that any Submission or communication is:

    your own original work and lawfully submitted;
    factually accurate or your own genuinely held belief;
    provided with the necessary consent of any third party;
    not defamatory or likely to give rise to an allegation of defamation;
    not offensive, obscene, sexually explicit, discriminatory or deceptive; and
    unlikely to cause offence, embarrassment or annoyance to others.

Linking and framing

You may create a link to our Site from another website without our prior written consent provided no such link:

    creates a frame or any other browser or border environment around the content of our Site;
    implies that we endorse your products or services or any of the products or services of, or available through, the website on which you place a link to our Site;
    displays any of the trade marks or logos used on our Site without our permission or that of the owner of such trade marks or logos; or
    is placed on a website that itself does not meet the acceptable use requirements of this Policy.

We reserve the right to require you to immediately remove any link to the Site at any time, and you shall immediately comply with any request by us to remove any such link.
Breach

We shall apply the terms of this Policy in our absolute discretion. In the event of your breach of this Policy we may terminate or suspend your use of the Site, remove or edit Submissions, disclose Submissions to law enforcement authorities or take any action we consider necessary to remedy the breach.
Disputes

We will try to resolve any disputes with you quickly and efficiently.

If you are unhappy with us please contact us as soon as possible.